Update store-lookup.md (#1259)
hotwax/oms-documentation: documents/integrate-with-hotwax/api/facility/store-lookup.md

| `stateCode`                | State Code                                           |
| `latlon`                   | The latitude and longitude of the facility           |

{% hint style="info" %}Spaces in Filter Values:
When filtering by parameters containing spaces (e.g., storeName, city, primaryFacilityGroupName), replace spaces with + (plus signs) for the storeLookUp API.

Example:

> To filter for the store name "Mall Of America", use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter for the store name "Time Square", use:
```

> storeName: Mall+Of+America

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storeName: Time+Square
```
